Sony sponsored this short to find what
people are listening to so let's see if
we can find someone to ask sir what are
you listening to uh I'm listening to the
W show Welcome to the W show sir what
are you listening to 10 hours of Silence
occasionally interrupted by metal pipes
clanging what are you listening to huh
what are you listening to oh the Sony
link buds fit yeah they're really really
cool they got like 5.5 hours batter life
in the buds but then they got like 21
hours in the case and if you put them in
for like 3 minutes you'll get a whole
like another hour of listening time no I
meant like what music are you listening
to it's great because I have them in my
head ears all the time cuz they're so
comfy cuz they got these like air
cushion things so they stay right in my
ear without like having to dig way deep
in there you can change out different
parts of them but I kind of like the
green already the marble green so I kind
of just wear them in the nude you know
I'm not asking one of my favorite Parts
is that they have the same great sonyc
that you'd expect but it automatically
changes in case you're in like a noisy
like area or if it's a quiet area it's
like less and I only got them for like
200 bucks the only like buds sound
awesome but I'm trying to ask what song
you're listening to oh